Updated GitHub username (#51)
tvbarthel/CameraColorPicker: README.md

experience whereas the "kids" productFlavor introduce some changes in order to
allow kids to use the app despite the lack of reading skills.

> This better experience for kids was initiate by [Jo Grimstad](https://github.com/jo-elimuai)

Author: ```suggestion
This better experience for kids was initiated by [jo-elimuai](https://github.com/jo-elimuai)
```
